Documentation: Matching Utilities - isAnyOf, isAllOf (#806)
reduxjs/redux-toolkit: docs/api/isAllOf.mdx

```ts
import { createAsyncThunk, createReducer, PayloadAction } from '@reduxjs/toolkit'

interface Data {
  isInteresting: boolean;
  isSpecial: boolean;
}

interface Special extends Data {
  isSpecial: true;
}

interface Interesting extends Data {
  isInteresting: true;
}

function isSpecial(action: PayloadAction<Data>): action is PayloadAction<Special> {
  return action.payload.isSpecial;
}

function isInteresting(action: PayloadAction<Data>): action is PayloadAction<Interesting> {
  return action.payload.isInteresting;
}

interface ExampleState {
  isSpecial: boolean;
  isInteresting: boolean;
}

const initialState: ExampleState = {
  isSpecial: false,
  isInteresting: false,
}

const request = createAsyncThunk('request', () => {
  return {
    isSpecial: true,
    isInteresting: true,
  };
});

const loadingReducer = createReducer(initialState, builder => {
  builder
    .addCase(request.fulfilled, (state, action) => {
      if (isSpecial(action)) {
        return {
          ...state,
          isSpecial: true,
        }
      } else if (isInteresting(action)) {
        return {
          ...state,
          isInteresting: true,
        }
      }
    });
});
```

> With isAllOf, we can use matchers to reorganize that code into a more canonical form.
> And more importantly, it enables more complex cases to be handled straightforwardly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `isAllOf`, we can use matchers to drastically simplify the `loadingReducer`.
```

```ts

> import { createAsyncThunk, createReducer, PayloadAction, isAllOf } from '@reduxjs/toolkit'
> 
> interface Data {
>   isInteresting: boolean;
>   isSpecial: boolean;
> }
> 
> interface Special extends Data {
>   isSpecial: true;
> }
> 
> interface Interesting extends Data {
>   isInteresting: true;
> }
> 
> function isSpecial(action: PayloadAction<Data>): action is PayloadAction<Special> {
>   return action.payload.isSpecial;
> }
> 
> function isInteresting(action: PayloadAction<Data>): action is PayloadAction<Interesting> {
>   return action.payload.isInteresting;
> }
> 
> interface ExampleState {
>   isSpecial: boolean;
>   isInteresting: boolean;
> }
> 
> const initialState: ExampleState = {
>   isSpecial: false,
>   isInteresting: false,
> }
> 
> const request = createAsyncThunk('request', () => {
>   return {
>     isSpecial: true,
>     isInteresting: true,
>   };
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// ... omitted
```

const loadingReducer = createReducer(initialState, builder => {
  builder
    .addMatcher(isAllOf(request.fulfilled, isSpecial), (state, action) => {

>       return {
>         ...state,
>         isSpecial: true,
>       }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      state.isSpecial = true;
```

    })
    .addMatcher(isAllOf(request.fulfilled, isInteresting), (state, action) => {

>       return {
>         ...state,
>         isInteresting: true,
>       }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      state.isInteresting = true;
```

    });
})
```

> ## As a TypeScript TypeGuard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## As a TypeScript Type Guard
```

The function `isAllOf` also accepts regular TypeScript type guards, and the function returned
by `isAllOf` can also be used as a TypeScript type guard in other contexts.

```ts
import { isAllOf, PayloadAction } from '@reduxjs/toolkit'

interface Data {
  isInteresting: boolean;
  isSpecial: boolean;
}

interface Special extends Data {
  isSpecial: true;
}

interface Interesting extends Data {
  isInteresting: true;
}

function isSpecial(action: PayloadAction<Data>): action is PayloadAction<Special> {
  return action.payload.isSpecial;
}

function isInteresting(action: PayloadAction<Data>): action is PayloadAction<Interesting> {
  return action.payload.isInteresting;

> }

Reviewer: I think once you merge these into one page, there will be no need to show these same types & type guards this many times. I feel like the bloat takes away from where the focus should be below.
